Imagine the guts of an iPhone 11 smashed into the chassis of your favorite iPhone 5; if that sounds appealing, then this is the phone for you. Personally I loved having a non-phablet phone with this amount of power and speed. The camera is great for the price range, and call quality is also excellent. The one drawback is a shorter battery life than what I am used to.
I ordered an iPhone SE with Cricket service through Amazon because I get a discount off the Cricket plan ($60 through Cricket, same plan for $55 through Amazon) and because each month I pay my bill through Amazon they give me a credit I can spend on Amazon stuff. So I get a discount on the service and an Amazon credit for paying my bill... sign me up! $55 a month (taxes and fees included) for unlimited everything and 15G of hotspot included. Great coverage, strong audio where I can hear people and they can hear me clearly, fast internet and it's the newest iPhone without too hefty of a price tag. The package arrived one day after ordering and setup was a breeze! I was able to activate my device on the web from my phone with three simple steps. I was able to select bring over an existing number or get a new one... it was all very seamless and done in a few minutes. There wasn't anything missing so it was as simple as can be.
All I can say is wow! I have been using this phone and service for a couple weeks now and I am truly blown away! I didn't opt to buy the device on installments through Amazon, but I did really like how simple check out was as a Prime customer. The Phone: This thing is FAST. I was looking to replace an iPhone 8 that wasn't holding a charge very long and with the upgraded internals of the new SE it was a no brainer to upgrade. I really like the upgraded screen and camera too. Cricket Service: how is this only $55 a month - unlimited everything is great! Since I have been working from home for a few weeks I've even used the hotspot service so I can work outside to take a break from my apartment. I have great coverage everywhere I've gone so far which is a huge plus over my previous carrier! I highly recommend this.
I've never had Cricket service - didn't want to have to go out into a store so figured I'd try this… I have to say I'm pretty pleased with my purchase - iPhone arrived as expected with directions for SIM, device set-up and activation with Cricket. In total everything took about ~25 minutes, most of which was spent getting an AppleID because I'm a new iPhone user. SIM set-up was easy, I popped it in, turned on and the phone walked me through the prompts/steps… pretty straightforward. Device set-up took me the longest mostly to create and then validate an AppleID. Then I did the device activation - I received a Cricket text message with a link to click on to activate the phone. Clicked it, got walked through the process with prompts, and got my new phone number - all pretty quick. Overall, the whole thing was easier than I was expecting. After two days using the phone, the service is great and I like the device - great value and easy set-up.
My iPhone 7 took a crap on me. I was done with sprint. I moved over to cricket and picked up this phone instead. I was a little pissed that it's more expensive here on amazon than it is on crickets website but I needed the phone ASAP so I guess I can't complain too hard about that. The quality of the camera is great. Fits iPhone 7 and 8 cases too. Very pleased with my purchase so far.
I've used iPhones since the 5, so I'm not new to iPhones, but this is the first time I have not gone to a store and had someone setup the phone for me. It was super-simple. Insert the SIM, power up the phone and follow the prompts on-screen. No hiccups, no glitches. Easy! Cricket sent a text with a link to set up the phone number. Also very easy - click the link and follow the on-screen prompts. Nice phone from Apple! Great value and service from Cricket! Highly recommend!
AMAZING EXPERIENCE. With Prime phone and SIM card kit were here in 1 day. All I had to do was pop in the SIM card, walk through the iPhone set up guide and then go to my text messages and activated a new number (you also have the option to port your number form another carrier). Process took a total of 10 min to set up iPhone and activate service. The activation was the easiest part! $55 for unlimited everything and the phone worked right away!
Its a good phone its amost the same as the original iphone SE except bigger and less widthy. Decent sized screen beautiful packaging and the phone itself is beautiful as well. Excellent price compared to how much new iphones usaully cost when they first come out.
Since Mar.5 of this year I've had to go thru 4 different cell phones. The first 3 were not defective as the carrier Metro PCS claimed in fact it was there zero cell data service in areas like Denver, Boulder, Longmont etc. so I quit them after getting 3 phones from them and went back to Verizon who I hate hate hate but at least they have coverage. Sadly the this iphone SE sucks everything all the time. No matter what you do and I even had the store do it the iphone is programmed to ignore what you want and turn back on your wifi and bluetooth in the background and leave it running all the time making sure it sucks up the life of the battery. It also doens't give reliable audible alerts. So you can actually be holding your phone in your hand waiting to hear back from the hospital but unless you have it unlocked open and are looking directly at it you'll never know you are getting a call or a text and in my case every call and text I lose it costs me money. I was forced to close my business this weekend due to this phone and the FACT that VERIZON no longer has any kind of customer service whatsoever and now the only way to contact them is thru Facebook where it takes anywhere from 3 to 41 minutes for them to respond each time you message them while they are allegedly online with you. THIS IS BY FAR THE MOST WASTEFUL PHONE WITH THE POOREST BATTERY THAT LAST ONLY HALF A DAY WITH OUT USING ANY STREAMING OR DATA IT BURNS IT UP BY ITSELF AND THERE IS NO WAY TO TURN ANYTHING OFF. DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY
Be careful when buying this product because it is locked. I wanted to keep my current phone number, but could not do it with this plan - even though I already have cricket service and love it. I ended up returning the phone and just bought a new one from the apple store. It cost more, obviously. Too bad because this would have been a great deal - but who wants to change their phone number when it is attached to so much info we use on a daily basis.
I bought the iPhone SE to replace my older iPhone 6 that I purchased in 2014. I was fond of the iPhone 6 and was pleased that something was available as a replacement that was the same size and offered similar functionality. The old phone was "arrested" at iOS 12.x, and one by one I was encountering apps that required iOS 13.x or later. In addition, and more disconcerting, the old phone had stopped recording audio along with videos I shot in the Camera app. So I bit the bullet to purchase a replacement. So far so good. The speed of performance is noticeably faster on the new phone -- apps load much more quickly, and all functions seem to be faster. There is a learning curve for the operating system, and I have found myself disabling certain new features that I do not like very well (like intense levels of threading in the mail program). Also, of course, every new app that requires logging in must be re-logged-in on the new phone. I have run into only one app that claims to be compatible with iOS 14 but is not (the Truefire music education app). There are some older games I had on the iPhone 6 that do not even show up in the App Store on the new phone, so presumably they are not compatible (or maybe the software company went out of business). Everything critical to me still exists on the App Store and runs well on the new phone. I also invested in a wireless charger for this phone. It lives on my night stand for overnight use, and seems to work well. Overall I am satisfied with my decision to go with this new model as a replacement for the iPhone 6. Granted, Apple has much fancier (and pricier) models available, but this one does quite a lot, is the appropriate size for my needs, and was far more affordable. As Apple products go, I think this phone is an unusually good value.
I've been buying Apple products from John Lewis for 20 years or more, iPods, MacBooks of various kinds and at least three previous iPhones. For the first time ever I think this is a really disappointing Apple product. It's much too big, I knew it was a larger screen but a really crucial point is that it's now no longer possible to use the phone with one hand. It's not really a replacement for the old SE, it's a really big phone, and reviews that say otherwise must assume people got their first phone less than four years ago. It would have made more sense for me to buy a cheap iPhone 8. My daughter has one and the new SE is identical in size; there is no discernible difference in speed, camera, screen or anything else that comes across during average use. Or just buy an iPhone 11 if you can afford it and be done with it, at least that would give you a better camera. I had heard something about slow charging, but after an hour plugged into my (2020) MacBook laptop the battery had gone from 60% to 70%, and the supplied charging cable was too hot to touch at both ends. This cable doesn't even fit my new MacBook anyway, it has to go via an adaptor, which has worked fine with everything else up until now. The haptic feedback on the home button doesn't feel positive, it just feels like something is broken inside the phone. The only reason I'm giving two rather than one star is that the set-up experience went so well, even though that is an iOS issue rather than a phone issue. Even then it said at the start it would take 15-20 minutes but ended up tying up both phones for nearly two hours. I thought the last SE was a brilliant product and waited to see if Apple could do it again. It hasn't and that is a real shame.
I'm searching for one good thing to say, and I will attest, downloading everything I had set up on my previous phone from the cloud was super-easy. The transition was seamless. There may be something else, I just can't think of it aside from the increased data, which I need, as noted below. It's pretty, and seemed to be durable, until I cracked the screen, not badly, just in the corner. I had abused my iPhone 4S for the 6 years I had it, but it never cracked. I bought this when my phone stopped taking a charge. Don't need a big fancy phone, I bought this for the data, 256GB, and that hasn't been a problem. I live in a remote area near the Canadian border, and although I have good WiFi in my house, this phone loses the WiFi signal frequently, changing to LTE data, when my 4S rarely, if ever did that, without giving some sort of signal first, like dropping a prerecorded podcast or whatever. This seamless transition seems nice, except it's using up my data like my 4S never did. I actually had to up the data on my account just because of this, and honestly, I may have to do it again, if I want to continue to listen to live or podcasted radio. Sometimes, it will stay on WiFi and just drop a real-time signal when listening to live stream radio. Not video, radio. It's irritating, and the only way for me to get past the dropping is for me to download a prerecorded podcast for later. Thank god for the extra data, right? Doesn't help with live, only moving my phone towards the router sometimes seems to help. Another thing that never happened with my old phone, is that it will, for no known reason, drop my WiFi, even though it's on auto-join. It drops the entire account, then says it has the wrong password. I've had the same password on my WiFi since moving to Wisconsin in 2010. When I try to join, it tells me wrong password. It will do this multiple times, then mysteriously join, showing auto-join on, after some period of time. This is maddening. I'd give it back in a minute and pay for better phone, if I trusted any of them to be better. But it was over two weeks until I found out it had used up all my data by that seamless changeover, when I wasn't aware of the issue. And now I'm stuck or put up more money.
For $399, this phone is unbeatably priced. I dropped my Pixel 2, which I loved, into a tank of whiskey and it eventually gave up on this life. I wanted something small and reasonably priced and the SE is perfect. The brand new operating system is the same as in the 11 Pro and Pro Max so it's very fast, snappy, and the screen is beautiful. The setup was easy. I've never setup ban unlocked phone before and I was finished in less than 10min. Just swap the SIM card with the included tool (or spend 30min searching your house for something small enough to use) and you’re good to go. All of my contacts downloaded straight from the google cloud so going from android to apple was not difficult. My two main complaints about this phone are the camera quality and the screen size. I know it sounds weird to complain about screen size when I wanted a small phone, but the SE kept the overlarge black bezels on the top and bottom of the screen, which takes up space that could’ve easily been covered by more screen. The camera works fine and it has all the modes like panorama, slow motion, and portrait but it's just nowhere close to the Pixels or the 11 Pro and Pro Max. That being said, unless the camera quality is vital to you, it works just fine for the occasional selfie, food picture, or sunset. I quickly stopped caring about the lack of camera quality in the face of the value.
Was wavering between this and a used 8 plus but the price of the latter is now about as expensive as the SE 2020. It is about the same as an iphone 8 but with uprated processor and some other bits. I bought it because I want touch ID and I will not use face id if I can at all help it. This handset may probably gives me a minimum of 5 years. It also has a higher IP rating than the 6s plus. I will be keeping my 6s plus ( with another sim ) as backup but also just using it as I always did for browsing, emails etc etc around the house on wifi. As far as processor speed goes, I am not doing anything very demanding like gaming but I honestly can't tell the difference in speed between this and my older phone for any activity including video/browsing/office - this is probably because Apple always given us plenty of processor power - in contrast to Mid range Android ( and Windows phones ) of which I have a stack which, if they are working, just work at the pace of a slug on diazepan. I use the iphone camera a lot - 80% of all the pictures I take - for snaps, documenting stuff and so on but I have cameras to do most 'serious' photography. As far as I can tell, the SE camera is maybe a bit better than the 6s+ for good light and both are fine for my requirements. I don't know what else to say - if you want a decent inexpensive iphone with hopefully many years of use AND you are OK with the smaller screen then, as they say, its a no-brainer.
Upgraded from the iPhone 5s. My phone reached the end of it's life just before the pandemic. Thankfully Apple released this affordable iPhone not too long after. Best Buy made it easy to activate and purchase. And they shipped it same day for an affordable price. The size of this iPhone makes it uncomfortable and difficult to use one-handed but using the popsocket that came with my phone case and the quickpath swipe keyboard have made it manageable. I know the other iPhones are much bigger than this, so I'm happy with the size of this one. I love that this iPhone is very affordable compared to the other iPhones, uses the latest chip and iOS, and utilizes the fingerprint scanner. 'Hey Siri' feature makes it easier to use my phone without touching it. The camera, photo editing, and portrait mode are impressive despite being limited compared to the more expensive iPhones but I'm happy with the basics. This iPhone is fast and charges fast. I think the only complaint that I have is that I don't like that there is no headphone jack. I had to buy an adapter to listen to music in my car and now I can't charge and listen to music at the same time without buying a split adapter. I would have preferred they gave you an adapter with your phone over the earbuds.
When my iPhone 7 Plus of four years suddenly and drastically began a downward battery spiral I had to decide on a new battery or a new device. I loved my 7Plus and it performed admirably but as they say, all good things must come to an end. Even though the big screen was nice for a lot of things, it was cumbersome for typing, holding and getting into my pocket. I liked the first SE and when this one came out in 128GB for half the price of the other iPhone choices I decided to give it a go. The phone fits really well into your pocket. The screen is plenty big and looks really good too. I'm not sure if I like True Tone so I've been toggling it on and off until I'm sure. A major plus is typing on the keyboard. I hated the keyboard on the 7Plus but now realize it was just too big for my hands. I still think Apple's keyboard needs a major overhaul but it is so much easier on this device due to its overall size. The camera is very good for a single lens and takes very nice portrait shots. The studio lighting is nice too. The new SE is very fast. The top of the line chip is very impressive with no lagging at all and the battery lasts a whole day with pretty good usage even though it’s small in size. Overall I would give this phone top scores and it’s perfect for me.
I bought this phone because i always wanted to try the ios ecosystem but never really did because the phones were so expensive. Then this phone came along & at $399, im impressed. The fact that this Phone has the A13 Bionic chip, the SAME chip as the iphone 11 pro max, a $1000+ Phone, is insane. This phone also has wireless charging & water resistance which many phones at this price don’t have. Now I see that the main concern for buying this phone is the battery life. It really all comes down do what kind of user you are. I mainly use this phone for messaging, social media, youtube, web searching & this phone easily lasts me a day. Now if you're an intense user who uses their phone for mostly gaming and such, then the battery life will drain pretty quickly. Other then that for a normal user, this phone's battery isn’t bad. Overall for the price, this phone is insanely good & I recommend it to anyone. Camera is really good as well! A quick tip though: this phone does not have night mode on it's camera but you can download an app called "neuralcam" in the app store. It's $3 but the photos that come out through this phone at night with this app, is amazing ;) it's worth it for anyone who takes pictures at dim light.
I've always had iPhones and I was waiting for this iPhone to come out. My iPhone 7 that I've been using for 3 years finally died right after I preordered my iPhone SE. The timing was of my iPhone 7 dying was a little weird but it worked out. I prefer the touch ID & home button & hate the ugly notch of the newer iPhones. I was going to get an iPhone 8 but the SE is much better since it had the newest chip & software update & more ram than the iPhone 8 & it costs less as well. I got the iPhone SE 128 GB for less than an iPhone 8 with the same memory. The iPhone SE is the newest iPhone & it's faster & more powerful than the latest top of the line Android phones just like the flagship iPhone 11 is even faster & more powerful than the Samsung S10. You get all this top of the line hardware & the latest software for around $400 & $450 for 128 GB which is the right amount of memory. Since I got the phone on the first day it was available, it performed very well, the battery life was much better than my old iPhone 7 & the charging was very fast & it also does wireless charging. It was very fast & smooth & as usual for all iPhones it's camera was very good & took excellent pictures and it’s using the latest software update & very easy to use.
In my opinion, one of the most drawbacks for the latest cellphones is the size. Carrying them (any brand) in your pocket became very uncomfortable since they now have the size of a TV. As a professional, I heavily use my cellphone on a daily basis and carry it around all the time. This device is amazing, finally, you can use a very powerful device with only one hand. It has the same processor as the iPhone Pro, amazing display, amazing camera, amazing sound quality. You can achieve anything with this device as you would with the iPhone Pro. There are differences, of course, but I don't miss them. At the top of my head, with the iPhone Pro you have a fancier display, unlock the phone using face recognition and telephoto cameras just to list some features. But if you are like me, thinking about having a powerful device with smaller form, that's definitely the device for you.
