The staff is really helpful, we changed from a 4 persons table to 5 adults + 2 kids. The staff were really friendly and helped us with our requests and explained the meal sets to us! Awesome experience here and delicious food! Will definitely come back again, thank you!!

Visited yesterday evening with a friend of mine for dinner, it was quite crowded in there. Upon entering the restaurant, the waitress immediately informed us that the serving time would takes 30 mins. Since our main reason for meeting up for dinner last evening was to catch up on my latest trip to Japan, the longer serving time doesn't matters much to us. In fact, the long waiting time for food to be served to us yesterday evening means that we would have more time to chat. Now, on the food - as my friend doesn't want a set meal, he opt for alacarte menu while I ordered a drink and dessert set. The mentaiko spaghetti with onsen egg is delicious, I very much enjoy it. Even the dressing for the salad is nice, I finished the salad that comes with the set cleanly. Overall, a very good dining experience.

We sat next to the full length glass wall and enjoyed our meal. Every dish was interesting. Service was good - we were given very helpful suggestions for our dishes as it was our first time there. Lay Nah very friendly and helpful. We ordered a Business Lunch of Mentaiko and Japanese sardine Chirashi Alipay olio pasta with less chilli and found it refreshing and delicious! The signature pasta with sausages n fried chicken n mushrooms n bacon was interesting but too salty and meaty for us. The fried chicken pieces in that dish was delicious and amazing! Tasty with a light crispy skin! The tofu salad was below expectations. Dessert of chocolate mousse was delicious n not overly sweet. Will return to try their other dishes.

I booked a reservation for 5 pax at Yomenya Goemon Star Vista through Chope. Was very displeased as despite booking, we were left to wait and got seated at only 7.20pm. I had even gone in when we had arrived to inform the counter staff that I had made a reservation for 5 but they still proceeded to seat the many people queueing first. From this, there does not seem to be any purpose for Chope or booking beforehand. I would however like to commend one of the staff Yi Fang for helping us so kindly when we got to our table. She really made our experience more positive after a frustrating start. Food is very buttery but good. Drinks not very worth the value. Food came quite quickly though! Had an average experience.

Best mentaiko pasta in Singapore. All their spaghetti dishes are very delicious though some may be a tad oily. Exquisite taste.

Second time here, and although it was different staff on shift, service was still attentive and quick as before. Omu souffle with risotto is highly recommended, Pasta was al dente and flavourful. Value for money with their vouchers and new membership system.

Attentive service, constantly checking on us with water and asking about the food, and food came fast. Had the tomato cream omu souffle, the nicest souffle omelette I have had! Was so fluffy and creamy. Serving was generous, but just nice without being overwhelmingly rich.

Visited here on 2 Nov at around 7-9pm. Good thing about this restaurant is the quality of the spaghetti i ordered, it still has the rich and flavourful taste since i tried it years ago. The service staff were friendly and okay. The shortcomings was that the waiting time can be rather long during peak peroids [my meal came about 30minutes after ordering] and the place is rather small. Potential customers: please do expect a slightly longer waiting time for your food and be patient if they are running a full house. I am looking forward to my next trip back here as the quality is worth my money.

Go for their lunch special. for S$11.80 you get a main, drinks, soup and salad. rather filling, especially since i opted for ice coffee with ice cream. and that cost S$6 plus ala-carte, by the way. good service too. but gets very crowded during lunch time. good to go early.

Don't eat here. Just don't. Went willing to wait, ordered same dish as my husband (soufflé meal) I know it has to be prepared and baked at least 20mins; we waited 1.5h and only had 1 dish come out. We had to wait for the next dish until the place is almost closing. All the staff looks busy with a "you come here, you wait" attitude. No one is apologetic. We opted to cancel and leave because the place does not deserve our money after that experience.

A Japanese-Western noodle restaurant, they've got familiar dishes such as Spaghetti Carbonara, or Spaghetti alla Genovese but what caught my eye was probably its specialty: "Yomenya Goemon Sukiyaki (Beef) Spaghetti"! An interesting concept of combining perfectly cooked spaghetti with well marinated thin slices of beef and wild mushrooms steeped in their signature Sukiyaki sauce, and my favourite part, topped with an egg yolk. Crack the egg yolk, mix it into the pasta and you've got a well-thickened sukiyaki sauce! Is it worth it? It's a little pricey but yes it's worth it. What's not to like about well-cooked pasta (al dente) and amazing base sauces? Great service, amazing company and good food.

We ordered their Business Lunch Set, which seems to be reasonably priced. East set comes with a salad, soup, choice of pasta, and a drink. I ordered the Japanese Aglio Olio with Chicken because I was intrigued by the picture on the menu: it has pasta with lotus roots. The pasta was quite tasty and wasn't too oily. However, what I had looked nothing like the picture on their menu (what did I expect?): there were only 2 1/2 really thin slices of lotus root, nothing like the generous amount they presented on their picture! We were here during lunch time and the place wasn't crowded. So we were able to eat at leisure and chatted. Overall we found the Business Set Lunch value for money.

Great Restaurant a little to the expensive side but affordable. Great food especially their spaghetti. Their creamy base (spaghetti) has very strong flavor and the aglio oli is very delicious and light on the mouth.Miso soup there is super. Fast service great food a good place to dine :)

Quick and friendly services. The portion of food is big and satisfied with the taste of the food. Between, there is a room for improvement for the desserts.

Quick service and a satisfying lunch at reasonable prices! They have Lunch sets which gave us a nice fresh salad, drink of choice and a small cup of clear soup for a small additional charge with any main meal. The serving sizes of the pastas were very generous. I liked the olive genovese pasta, with an assortment of vegetables and crunchy fresh prawns. The tomato pescatora had a nice assortment of seafood. There's table seating which is better than the other small restaurants in Star Vista which are more cramped.

I love pasta, i love japanese cuisine, and thus Yomenya Goemon is the place that never disappoint me. Carbonara is yummy and filling, i always struggle to finish one serving. My favourite would definitely be Mentaiko Pasta, which i always order whenever I visit Goemon. Service is usually slow, but that's how i know my pasta is freshly made. The tea/soup served before the meals is pretty tasty as well, though it's probably MSG soup. Ask for Ginger Ale when you order a set, they do a perfect serve for you.

Having dined at various Yomenya outlets in Japan, we were excited that the fusion pasta franchise had decided to open shop in Singapore. However, the quality of the food here was disappointing. The pasta was overcooked and the sauces/seasonings had none of the flavours and fragrance of their mainland Japanese cousins.

Wide range of cooking styles - carbonara, tomato, japanese, olive oil & garlic, etc. Spaghetti still 'springy' but I like it. The clam chowder spaghetti is good but the chowder would be better if it's 'thicker'. The set meals give more value - spaghetti, soup/soft drink and dessert. The half & half set is also a good option to taste two cooking styles without over eating.

This outlet is located within the Star Vista shopping center. It serves only spaghetti with a large variety of sauces. The pasta itself could have been cooked one more minute but it is a matter of taste and I was quite happy with it. I chose a tomato sauce with tons of hot sausage. It was very good. With a soft drink, taxes and service, the total was S$20.60, which is quite reasonable.

Just had my lunch here at star vista outlet . It definitely is one of the most disappointing dining experience I have ever had. Spaghetti was just average. Pizza was ok. But I felt cheated by dessert . I ordered souffle cheese cake for my desert and they delivered a normal cheese cake. Seem like I dont even know what souffle looks like ? And somemore their so call soufflé tastes really really bad that I can't even continue after two bites. So yeah ! I will not visit here again. Never!!!
